# Ruby Rails

> 18: Illustration: Pat looking up at really large office building.

Pat could not contain his excitement as the train approached the Puma Kingdom.
He glued his eyes to the window and marveled at the beauty and vast size of the
kingdom.

Finally, the train arrived at the processing station. Pat disembarked from the
train and walked through the processing department. The processing staff
examined his package and directed him toward Ruby Rails' office.

Pat stepped outside and was astounded at the sheer height of her office
building, which was like a monolithic structure. He ran over to the building
and burst through the front door with a grin ear-to-ear. Inside, he used the
directory to determine the location of her office, the top floor, of course. He
hopped on the elevator and shot straight to the top of the building.

> 19: Illustration: Pat speaking with receptionist in lobby to Ruby Rails' office.

At the top level, he exited the elevator and greeted Ruby Rails' receptionist,
"Hello. I have an important package for Ruby Rails!"

"One moment please," responded the receptionist. The receptionist picked up the
phone and said, "Ruby, there is a courier with a package for you." A moment
later, the receptionist hung up and invited Pat through the door, "She will see
you now."

"Thanks!"

> 20: Illustration: Pat speaking with Ruby Rails in her office.

Pat braced himself and opened the office door. As he entered, he saw Ruby Rails
before him. In awe, he stuttered through a greeting, "Ruby Rails, it's an honor
to meet you in person. My name is Pat Packet. I have a package for you from
Firechrome Industries in the Apple Pro continent." Pat reached out the package.

> 6: Reuse Technical Slide

"Well, hello, Pat. It's a pleasure to meet you as well," replied Ruby. "That
looks like an important package." Ruby accepted the package and read through the
HTTP message. "I see, so they need the root resource. We can definitely help
them with that. I'll send the package to my HCO."

> 20: Reuse Illustration

"Excuse me. What is an HCO?"

"Oh, sorry. The HCO is my Home Controller Officer. He handles requests for the
root resource."

Ruby inserted the package into a tube on the wall and pushed a button. A few
milliseconds later, a new package came down the tube.  Ruby grabbed it, handing
it to Pat, "And here you go. A fresh HTTP response package for Firechrome
Industries."

"Wow, that was fast! I'll deliver this ASAP!"

"Great! Pat, thank you so much for your delivery. I wish you well on your
journey back. We receive many packages from Firechrome Industries, so I'm sure
we will see each other again."

"Thank you again, Ruby Rails. I look forward to it!"

> 19: Reuse Illustration maybe

Pat left Ruby Rails' office. He stopped to let the receptionist stamp an ACK
symbol on the response package.

> 21: Illustration: Pat holding the response package and looking confident.

Pat returned to the processing station with a smile on his face. Not only had he
met Ruby Rails, but he had gained a wealth of knowledge about WAN delivery. He
felt confident with his newfound knowledge and knew he had a bright future as a
WAN courier.

The End.
